1) The command shows the primary table, unallocated, hidden IFS/HPDS and DOS
	FAT12 and the slot, start, end and length | it shows the tupe of 
	volume system...
2) It gives out an error message saying it is an invalid magic value
	because the file is not a DOS partition whereas the one in the first
	question was...
3) It shows the primary table, unallocated 4 linux partitions followed by 
	uncallocated... 
4) This has more data and more and bigger partitions.. the image that 
	didn't work was an ext2 so that might've been why it gave an error msg
5) The first column is the slot column which shows the partitions and their 
	designated slots...
6) The slot value could be the actual data that it is stored in because
	each partitions is within a different slot thus being multiple if
	you have multiple partitions...
7) These commands show the supported partition types which are dos, mac, bsd
	sun and gpt.
8) raw is the exact bit by bit copy of an image and is good for digital 
	forensics because it is an exact copy...
   aff is the Advanced Forensics Format used for storage of disk images 
   afd stands for Active Format DEscription and its a version supported by AFF
	to if the file is too big 
   afm is another variation and extention of affx3 it stores the metadata in
	an AFF file and the disk in a separate raw file...
   afflib AFF was implemented into AFFLIB to be distributed with an open 
	source license this is basically like the toolbox of the tools...
   ewf is expert witness format or encase image format which was used to 
	store various types of digital evidence...
   split some variants of the RAW image format split is the data among 
	multiple segment files, which is also known as split raw...

9) This commands shows the slots of the 4 partitions found within many
	partitions3.disk
10) It shows the allocated volume of the manypartitions3.disk
11) This shows the units the size the disk labe  the disk indentifier i/o size
	its devices, start end sectors size id and type...
12) To find out sizes and snip bits that could be critical to either 
	recovering or analyzing deleted or hidden files.
