INTERNET DATA

1)TCP - what is it? when is it used?
	tcp stands for transmission control protocol that is used as destination and sender kind of thing, it is used with www or the internet in general because they are 
	erquired/run by it. Seeing tcp can give you information such as websites that someone viewed or downloads etc.
2)UDP - what is it? how is it different than TCP?
	udp stands for user datagram protocol that is an alternate to tcp used for low-latency and low tolerating connections so its basically tcp but for different 
	kinds of connections...
3)Three way handshake
	This is a joke that represents that how things happen is that 3 messages are transmitted by tcp to start a connection between two computers.
4)TCPdump - how might tcpdump be used by cyber-criminals? by cyber-investigators?
	tcpdump basically dumps all traffic data used by tcp from a network or a port. This can be used by cyber-criminals by seeing information that has been sent into websites
	and such that could be used in the wrong way and it could be used by cyber-investigators by tracking down if someone sent something innapropriate or that wasn't suppose to.
5)ettercap - what is it good for?
	ettercap is a software that allows the suer to stand between a connection and become a "person in the middle" which allows them to carry attacks or gather information from
	either ends of the connection...
6)wireshark - how is it used?
	wireshark complements tcp dump by displaying packets and sources in a neatly manner that is vizualy appealing to the eye.
7)nessus - how did TRinity use Nessus in the Matrix?
	nessus is a vulnerability scanner that allows so see if there is something wrong in a connection and to see if your'e "vulnerable"
8)DNS - how is DNS compromised and used by criminals? 
	dns is a domain name system and it can be compromised because it can get ips of people and are able to track them down and basically bad stuff.	
9)arp - what is arp? what is arp cache poisoning?
	arp stands for address resolution protocol which maps the ip addresses of a network, arp poisoning is where the attacker changes the mac addresses and attackes the 
	Ethernet by changin the address.
